Update EIP overview pages (#738)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/message-transformation/overview.md

# Message Transformation

> One challenge of data communication is that the formats of data and their storage mechanisms vary among different systems. A [message translator]({{base_path}}/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/messaging-systems/message-translator) is an architectural pattern that acts as a filter between other filters or applications to translate one data format to another, transforming your message as it passes through the MI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One challenge of data communication is that the formats of data and their storage mechanisms vary among different systems. A [message translator]({{base_path}}/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/messaging-systems/message-translator) is an architectural pattern that acts as a filter between other filters or applications to translate one data format to another, transforming your message as it passes through the Micro Integrator.
```

> This section introduces varieties of message translators and how each can be simulated using the WSO2 Micro Integrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section introduces various types of message translators and how they can be simulated using the WSO2 Micro Integrator.
```
